Extend public API and fix documentation (#59)
hyperspy/exspy: doc/user_guide/eds.rst

    >>> si
    <Signal1D, title: , dimensions: (256, 224|1024)>

> Finally, for a stack of spectrum images, using ``"*"`` as a wildcard character:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, for a stack of spectrum images, ``"*"`` can be used as a wildcard character:
```
